Settings:

        Main Folder
            Choose a folder which contains the tm-output.csv files
            (suffix can be changed in advanced settings)

        Digits and delimiter
            The PostProcessor can combine data from several output_files,
            if these have the same name base name, followed by a separator
            and counting numbers. Note that all numbers have the
            same amount of digits (i.e. start with 001 for three digits).

            In case of problems, double-check all file name formats,
            rename or move files whose names do not follow the pattern,
            delete delimiter, or set digits to 0

            If digits is set to 0, all files are processed individually.

        Channels
            Provide number of channels present in the data. Must not
            exceed number of channels in the data. The PostProcessor will
            start to extract data from Channel 1 until number of channels
            given is reached.

        Tracking Channel
            Provide the number of the channel containing the tracking
            marker.

        Channel Names
            You can provide names for the channels (e.g. YFP, GFP_bAct).
            These names will appear in the output Excel files and Figures.
            Do not use special characters other than underscores (i.e.:_).

            Renaming Channels does not affect #Channels to be used.

        Minimum Timepoints Per Track
            The minimum of consecutive timepoints that must contain to
            a to appear in the output. Higher numbers also speed up
            processing.

        ADVANCED SETTINGS

        Default advanced settings are optimized for using U-2 OS cells,
        a H2B-coupled traking marker, and and imaging interval of 1h.
        May have to be adjusted for other experimental setups.

        Threshold size jumps
            Minimum relative change that is defined as jump in nuclear size

            Sudden jumps in nuclear size usually occur due to one of
            three reasons:
            (1) the cell undergoes division
            (2) the cell moves moves into or out of the imaging frame
            (3) segmentation or tracking errors
            PostProcessor detects size jumps and flags timepoints if
            not related to division (tracking marker peak together or
            followed by size jump, see below).

            High values will result in less stringent quality control,
            whereas too low values may sort out tracks from nuclei which
            undergo normal fluctuations in nucleus area.

            May be lowered for shorter imaging intervals.

            Can be set to very high values to disable Qualitiy Control
            based on cell size.

        Threshold tracking marker division peak

            PostProcessor detects peaks in tracking marker intensity to
            detect cell divisions. This is due to the observation that
            histone-coupled fluorescence markers condense in bright spots
            during cell division together with the chromatides, resulting in
            apparent small nucleus size and a peak of average intensity. Peaks are
            detected by:
                (1) subtracting a running-avarage from 7 timepoints to eliminate
                    trends
                (2) detecting peaks as values that are greater than
            standard deviation multiplied by the given threshold.

            If value is negative, detects troughs in tracking marker average
            intensity, which may be useful for non-histone based nuclear markers.

            May be adjusted for different imaging intervals.

        Threshold tracking marker jumps

            Large jumps in average tracking marker intensity can be due:
                (1) the cell undergoes division (see above)
                (2) artifacts/cell debris overlaying the nucelus
                (3) segmentation or tracking errors
            PostProcessor detects these jumps and flags timepoints if
            not related (+/- 2 hours to division.

            High values will result in less stringent quality control,
            whereas too low values may sort tracks from nuclei which undergo
            normal fluctuations in tracking marker intensity.

            Can be set to very high values to disable Qualitiy Control
            based on tracking marker intensity.

        Transform timepoints

            Quality control, in particular detection of divisions, is optimized
            for tracking interval of 1h and is less reliable at much shorter intervals.
            If *transform timepoints* is enabled, QC runs on subset of figures representing
            an imaging inteval of ~ 1h. Has no effect for imaging intervals >35 min.